dark SI sia don't advise challenge in
this fella to a footrace I play support
I play support don't panic we are
waiting for you my friend we can powers
because you are waiting for me the game
is on as you will miss me Remy back how
can you sorry him sorry me miss me Remy
their meaning to smash that bottom tower
yours almost feel bad for your top tower
I see everybody but not me who game I
kill you all I killed my partner
you almost feel bad for your top tower
door man new job you're so good
I've under attack
your mid towers in a bit of a band i
give you BTW i am back I kill you I can
you be dead bottom towering long for
this world sharper than any pain oh god
we killed me I kill bitches we win and
somebody's on a roll no no major ocean
there goes one of the other fellows mid
towers we win because I kill you bitches
together he kill bitches wanna hear a
Romanian shock sin la primavera
now I tell you we played four verses 5
we kill ok Oh for not I tell you sell
the photos they a profession we need to
see many words good you understand what
is our game we win if you do 21 do you
know that movie wall-e with robot to be
seein what is best yes good that's it i
hope you hear me I tell you sell raw
tomatoes and make depression he need
many worse they won't see us chiefly
have once i eat no
hit like of course
you
five in a row we win my fate fine please
relax Billy Ray's reading clap leave
some mistress no you dummies lil bit
ugly before tires done it again